README.md, before:

# denhub-device

The Device Daemon Kit for [Denhub](https://github.com/odentools/denhub) platform.
It includes the generator for create your daemon.

This project is alpha testing phase.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/odentools/denhub-device.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/odentools/denhub-device)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/denhub-device.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/denhub-device)

## Get Started

NOTE: If you don't have [denhub-server](https://github.com/odentools/denhub-server),
please create your server before you trying to run the following steps.

	$ sudo npm install -g denhub-device


	$ mkdir ~/car-0
	$ cd ~/car-0/


	$ denhub-device-generator --init
	? deviceName ? car-0
	? deviceType ? car
	? deviceToken ? (Press the Enter key remains empty)
	? denhubServerHost ? wss://YOUR-DENHUB-SERVER.herokuapp.com/

	? The configuration file was generated. Would you write it to config.json ? Yes

	? The commands file was not found. Would you write the example to commands.json ? Yes

	? Would you generate the source code now ? No


	$ vim commands.json
	{
		"setMotorPower": {
			"description": "Set the motor power",
			"args": {
				"left": "INTEGER(0,255) DEFAULT 0",
				"right": "INTEGER(0,255) DEFAULT 0"
			}
		}
	}


	$ denhub-device-generator

	? The entry point was generated. Would you write it to index.js ? Yes

	? The commands handler was generated. Would you write it to handler.js ? Yes

	? The package.json was generated. Would you write it to package.json ? Yes

	? The required modules are not installed. Would you install it now ? Yes


Run the daemon as development mode:

	$ npm start -- --development

Run the daemon as production mode:

	$ npm start


## Principal Files

### commands.json

It describes the commands for your device.

It also define a specification of the each values with using [S-Spec](https://github.com/odentools/s-spec) format for validation.

Format:
```
{
	"COMMAND-NAME": {
		"description": "DESCRIPTION-OF-COMMAND",
		"args": {
			"VALUE-NAME": "S-SPEC-FORMAT",
			...
		}
	},
	...
}
```

### handler.js

It describes an event handler for the each commands.

You can generate the scaffold for handler.js from commands.json using ``denhub-device-generator``.
That command can be installed using ``npm install -g denhub-device``.

### config.json

It describes the configurations for your device.
Also, your command handler can be read those configurations.

https://github.com/odentools/denhub-device/wiki/Operation-config.json


## About Command Module
In denhub-device, your commands definition and command handler can be put together to a new package and publish it.
Please refer to the [wiki page](https://github.com/odentools/denhub-device/wiki/Dev-CommandModule) for details.

Also you can find the command module on npm:
https://www.npmjs.com/browse/keyword/denhub-device


## Licenses

```
The MIT License (MIT).
Copyright (c) 2016 OdenTools Project.
```

Commit message:

Add: Command Editor (CLI)
Squashed commit of the following:

commit 7e390e087ee214ec9cc7a924319a2143b30241cd
Author: Masanori Ohgita <mp@ohgita.info>
Date:   Sun May 29 23:11:54 2016 +0900

    Add: README - Help of Generator

commit a75228a5f0e678c2aa683c187e0d4abeffc9444a
Author: Masanori Ohgita <mp@ohgita.info>
Date:   Sun May 29 22:55:36 2016 +0900

    Add: Command Editor - Range Limit and RegExp to Argument

commit f45f517957e291406d97b92661ab256f057e0156
Author: Masanori Ohgita <mp@ohgita.info>
Date:   Sun May 29 04:52:25 2016 +0900

    Change: v0.4.0

commit a637763f01e427a4f78b198c47b8e740edddb382
Author: Masanori Ohgita <mp@ohgita.info>
Date:   Sun May 29 04:50:47 2016 +0900

    Change: Option format of command. Add the Command Editor (CLI).

README.md, after:

# denhub-device

The Device Daemon Kit for [Denhub](https://github.com/odentools/denhub) platform.
It includes the generator for create your daemon.

This project is alpha testing phase.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/odentools/denhub-device.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/odentools/denhub-device)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/denhub-device.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/denhub-device)

## Get Started

NOTE: If you don't have [denhub-server](https://github.com/odentools/denhub-server),
please create your server before you trying to run the following steps.

	$ sudo npm install -g denhub-device


	$ mkdir ~/car-0
	$ cd ~/car-0/


	$ denhub-device-generator init
	? deviceName ? car-0
	? deviceType ? car
	? deviceToken ? (Press the Enter key remains empty)
	? denhubServerHost ? wss://YOUR-DENHUB-SERVER.herokuapp.com/

	? The configuration file was generated. Would you write it to config.json ? Yes

	? The commands file was not found. Would you write the example to commands.json ? Yes

	? Would you generate the source code now ? No


	$ vim commands.json
	{
		"setMotorPower": {
			"description": "Set the motor power",
			"args": {
				"left": "INTEGER(0,255) DEFAULT 0",
				"right": "INTEGER(0,255) DEFAULT 0"
			}
		}
	}


	$ denhub-device-generator

	? The entry point was generated. Would you write it to index.js ? Yes

	? The commands handler was generated. Would you write it to handler.js ? Yes

	? The package.json was generated. Would you write it to package.json ? Yes

	? The required modules are not installed. Would you install it now ? Yes


Run the daemon as development mode:

	$ npm start -- --development

Run the daemon as production mode:

	$ npm start

To check details of the generator:

	$ denhub-device-generator --help

## Principal Files

The following files configure your device.

These can be generated by ``denhub-device-generator`` command, or you can also edit using any text editor.

### commands.json

It describes the commands for your device.

It also define a specification of the each values with using [S-Spec](https://github.com/odentools/s-spec) format for validation.

Format:
```
{
	"COMMAND-NAME": {
		"description": "DESCRIPTION-OF-COMMAND",
		"args": {
			"VALUE-NAME": "S-SPEC-FORMAT",
			...
		}
	},
	...
}
```

You can also edit the commands.json using Command Editor (CLI), it can be start using ``denhub-device-generator commands`` command.

### handler.js

It describes an event handler for the each commands.

You can generate the scaffold for handler.js from commands.json using ``denhub-device-generator`` command.

### config.json

It describes the configurations for your device.
Also, your command handler can be read those configurations.

https://github.com/odentools/denhub-device/wiki/Operation-config.json


## About Command Module

In denhub-device, your commands definition and command handler can be put together to a new package and publish it.
Please refer to the [wiki page](https://github.com/odentools/denhub-device/wiki/Dev-CommandModule) for details.

Also you can find the command module on npm:
https://www.npmjs.com/browse/keyword/denhub-device


## Hints

If you don't have the ``denhub-device-generator``, you can install as follows:

	$ sudo npm install -g denhub-device


## Licenses

```
The MIT License (MIT).
Copyright (c) 2016 OdenTools Project.
```
